[Doc] Add release note for v0.11.0rc1 (#3931)
vllm-project/vllm-ascend: docs/source/user_guide/release_notes.md

# Release note

## v0.11.0rc1 - 2025.11.04

This is the first release candidate of v0.11.0 for vLLM Ascend. Please follow the [official doc](https://vllm-ascend.readthedocs.io/en/v0.11.0-dev) to get started.
v0.11.0 will be the next official release version of vLLM Ascend. We'll release it in the next few days. Any feedback is welcome to help us improve v0.11.0.

### Highlights

> - Deepseek series models work with aclgraph now.

Reviewer: We could use formal name "ACL Graph" instead of variable name "aclgraph".

> - Deepseek series models work with aclgraph now.

Reviewer 2: Will this release include aclgraph support for deepseek v3.2?

- PrefixCache and Chunked Prefill are enabled by default.

> - W4A8 quantization is supported now.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can highlight our refactor efforts here? After a series of arduous efforts, it is no longer necessary to re-register language models in vLLM-Ascend now :)

Author: release note is for end user, the model refactor doesn't affect users. I'll mention it in others section

### Core
- Performance of Qwen and Deepseek series models are improved.
- Mooncake store connector, Mooncake layerwise connector, CPU offload connector are supported now
- MTP > 1 is supported now.
- Dynamic and Static EPLB feature is supported now.

> - aclgraph full graph mode is experimental supported now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Experimental] Graph mode `FULL_DECODE_ONLY` is supported now! And `FULL` will be landing in the next few weeks.
```

> - aclgraph full graph mode is experimental supported now.

Reviewer 3: Refactor the MOE module to make it clearer and easier to understand, facilitating optimization and modification.

# Release Notes

## v0.11.0rc1 - 2025.11.04

This is the first release candidate of v0.11.0 for vLLM Ascend. Please follow the [official doc](https://vllm-ascend.readthedocs.io/en/v0.11.0-dev) to get started.
v0.11.0 will be the next official release version of vLLM Ascend. We'll release it in the next few days. Any feedback is welcome to help us improve v0.11.0.

### Highlights
- CANN is upgrade to 8.3.RC1. Torch-npu is upgrade to 2.7.1. [#3945](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm-ascend/pull/3945) [#3896](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm-ascend/pull/3896)
- PrefixCache and Chunked Prefill are enabled by default. ~~[#3300](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm-ascend/pull/3300)~~
- W4A4 quantization is supported now. [#3427](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm-ascend/pull/3427)

### Core

> - Performance of Qwen and Deepseek series models are improved.

Reviewer 4: give a link or doc here
